Added EMTF (#57)
lhcb/glossary: glossary/E.md

Reviewers with relevant expertise from other subdetectors in LHCb and from other experiments
are usually appointed to conduct the review and make recommendations. The next major milestone is the «PRR».

> ## EMTF: Early Measurements Task Forse {#EMTF}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## EMTF: Early Measurements Task Force {#EMTF}
```

> The Early Measurement task force coordinates the earliest data analyses (in close collaboration with the software, simulation, commissioning, online and offline analysis teams including calibration, alignment, etc. experts) to ensure the rapid exploitation of the LHCb data which taken at the start of a new Run. This may be for validation of a new detector, new readout systems, new reconstruction, a new trigger, and new running conditions, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Early Measurements Task Force coordinates the earliest data analyses (in close collaboration with the software, simulation, commissioning, online and offline analysis teams including calibration, alignment, etc. experts) to ensure the rapid exploitation of the LHCb data that is taken at the start of a new Run. This may be for validation of a new detector, new readout systems, new reconstruction, a new trigger, and new running conditions, etc. 
```
